# Supervisor Meeting: 2017-10-12

## Done since last meeting

### Tools / ecosystem plan for C++

Tools and ecosystem decided upon. They are detailed in their own document but at the time of writing they are as follows:

**Language:** C++

**IDE:** CLion

**Build Tool:** CMake

**Dependency Management:** Conan.io

**Unit Testing:** GTest

**Logging:** Boost logging library

**Documentation:** Doxygen

**Profiling:** Gperftools

**Debugging:** GDB

**Continuous Integration:** TravisCI

**Version Control:** Git

**Agile Tracking:** Trello / Kanban

**Documentation:** Doxygen

Most of these have been implemented and work properly. The only one left to do before development can begin properly is TravisCI.

### Simplified Black Hole solver

I have created a simple solver for a small version of Black Hole. This compiles and runs successfully.

## Discussion Points

Demonstrated the Black Hole solver and several parts of the tools setup. Much of the discussion focused on the structure of the project in terms of classes and inheritance. It was discussed that I reflect the different functionality of different game features through subclassing, and abstract common functionality into superclasses.

We also talked about the possibility of abstracting the _way_ in which searches generate new states (changing pointers to existing states or creating whole new data structures), and the potential usefulness of this. It was also suggested not to take for granted the notion that copying the whole state every time was less efficient, due to system-level memory optimisations.

Finally, we spoke about where to go from here, and good next steps. To avoid premature optimisation, optimisation will not be focused on for now. Instead, the first step was to clean up the code I have now and put it in nice object-oriented classes, in a way that lends itself to being expanded to other solitaire features. Then to create the relevant command-line interactions, logging and output to have a fully-working program (agile). And then to think about incrementally adding new features.

## Future Work

- Finish the work I need to do in terms of tools-setup (i.e. TravisCI)
- Tidy up my code and refactor it in good, object-oriented style
- Add the necessary features to have a program that is 'ready for release' (agile).
