# Supervisor Meeting: 2017-10-31

## Done since last meeting

### Finished Black Hole solver

I finished work on the Black Hole solver and tidied up my code sufficiently to
make it extendable to other game types.

### Reworked Object-Orientation

I reworked the object-orientation used in the solver so that classes for Black
Hole were general enough to be able to represent other game types.

### Added Spanish patience

I added the game of Spanish Patience to the solver which used the core logic
of the Black Hole search to solve this new (and quite different) game. I also
added a simplified version of the game (as I have done with Black Hole) where
the problem size is small enough that at this stage a solution can actually be
found.

## Discussion Points

when to optimise + below

Some quite extensive demonstrations of my code took place at this meeting,
presenting the various features of my solver for both Black Hole and Spanish
Patience. Progress is going well and what I have thus far represents a good
basis for the rest of the project going forward.

We explored what the best features to implement next would be. We agreed that
adding new game features would be a good thing to do next, just so that a) my
solver has a little more range, and b) it enforces strong generality on my
solver.

It was also suggested that getting a general and reliable solver should be the
next main goal, after which optimisations should be considered.

## Future Work

- Add another solitaire with "cells" as part of the game rules
- Add another solitaire with a "stock" as part of the game rules
