# Supervisor Meeting: 2017-09-19

## Done since last meeting

### Read Laura Brewis' Project Report

This gave me a better understanding of what is expected from an SH project, as
well as how one might approach designing a solitaire solving application. Noted
several of the solitaire-related references Laura used in her report, and added
them to my list of articles/papers to be reviewed.

### Begin defining objectives

Some work has been done on defining the primary, secondary and tertiary
objectives for the project. This still needs to be typed up formally and
confirmed.

### List of articles for context review

A list of 15 or so relevant articles and projects has been compiled as a basis
for my ongoing context review.

### Preliminary work on solitaire schema

Some preliminary work has been done on a JSON schema for defining different
types of solitaire games. Again, this still needs to be written up formally.

## Discussion Points

### FC-Solve Project

We spent some time looking at Shlomi Fish's _fc-solve_ project, and the
relationship my project might have to the work he's done. His solver seems
quite advanced, but the approach he's taken is not particularly academic and
there are not good measures of the way in which various features affect
performance.

Moreover his code and documentation are not particularly well organised.
As a consequence it was decided that attention wouldn't be paid too closely to
his project in general, but perhaps for individual features his implementation
could serve as a good reference.

### Project Objectives

The objectives for the project will likely be broken down into primary,
secondary and tertiary objectives, representing the essential features, the
more important additional features, and the less important additional features
respectively.

The ability to accurately determine solutions, or classify instances as
insolvable are of course core features, and an implementation of meta-moves is
also probably a core feature. By contrast implementing some notion of
'dominance' might be a secondary objective, and a monte-carlo tree search might
be a tertiary objective.

### Range of games

Having a solver that is able to solve a wide variety of solitaire games is also
a very important feature for the project. We decided that this was one of the
features that differentiates this project from, say, _fc-solve_. Generality
will be at the core of the project. It is up to me now to decide which range of
features to target, and which types of games to target.

### Where to start

It was suggested that the project would benefit from targeting generality right
from the start, adding this across the implementation as soon as feasible,
rather than as an addition towards the end of the project. This advice will
be taken on board when planning the work to be done in the initial stages
of the project.

## Future Work

- Formally define Primary, Secondary and Tertiary objectives for project
- This will be done as part of the overall DOER document
- Begin reviewing articles & projects as part of an ongoing context review
- Write up ideas for JSON solitaire schema
- Create project design plan
