# Supervisor Meeting: 2017-09-12

We had discussed the project briefly at the end of the 2016-17 academic year.
Having officially confirmed that I was undertaking this project at the start
of the 2017-18 academic year, this is a record of my first supervisor meeting.

## Done since last meeting

### Background reading

I undertook a small amount of background reading over the summer, in
anticipation for signing up to this project at the start of the year. This
reading mainly consisted of a few papers related to solitaire solvers, and to
Monte Carlo Tree Search (a particular method used for AI search).

### Playing Solitaires

I also played a wide variety of solitaire games, using the Android App
250+ Solitaire Collection


## Discussion Points

### Objectives

Much of the meeting revolved around the objectives of the project. It was
agreed that it would be more fruitful to create a single solver that could
play a variety of solitares well, rather than multiple different solvers. One
of the challenges of the project is to explore and attempt to mitigate the
tradeoff between the generality and efficiency of the solver.

### AI Search Techniques

Some brief discussion took place regarding AI search techniques, and the use of
AI Paradigms (e.g. Constraint Programming) versus specialised solvers. It was
decided that a specialised solver would be the most rewarding approach to
creating a solver, and possibly the most effective. The notion of 'dominance'
in constraints was also discussed, and scenarios in certain solitaires in which
this could be used to search more efficiently, as well as symmetries and state
representation.

### Monte Carlo Tree Search

A previous SH project by Laura Brewis had focussed on imperfect information 
solitaire games, and made heavy use of the Monte Carlo Tree Search algorithm.
Although this method is typically used for imperfect information domains,
it was suggested that it could also be of use here. However, it was agreed
that this was perhaps not a primary objective, and other aveues would be better
off explored first.

### Technologies
Given the premium placed on efficiency for this project, C++ was agreed upon
as a good candidate for a language to write the application in. Possibly using
Python for any parts of the application that are not search-related.


## Future Work

- Read Laura Brewis' project report as a guide for how one might approach the
  project
- Define more clearly my project objectives, both primary and secondary
- Write a literature review of the current material on the subject of solitaie
  solvers, as a basis for planning my own work in the area

